# CS526 Project: Efficient MapReduce Implementation on a Graph Algorithm -- The Para-clique Use Case

## Poster
- Chen_Gu_poster.pdf: The final poster
- Chen_Gu_poster.zip: We used the overleaf to make the poster, and this is the original files

## Abstract
- Chen_Gu_abstract.pdf: The abstract of final project.

## Code
- CompareDifVersion.ipynb: The jupyter notebook that used for compare different version paraclique algorithms
  - **Figure 3 was generated by this code**
  - The running time can be long!
  - The first part of the code analysis the data distribution and generate the figure 3 in the poster
  - The second part records the running time of the three different impletation with different samples
  - The output of second part are tables/files with the running time
  - Change the samplesize, samplenum, and inputfile in the code can change the samples. In our project, we **manually** changed these three paramaters to get the results of different samples.

- time\time_resluts_plot.ipynb: visualization the time tables
  - **Figure 4 was generated by this code**
  - After we got the time tables of different samples, we moved the files into the time directory and plot with time_resluts_plot.ipynb

- CompareDifVersion.py: Same code with CompareDifVersion.ipynb
  - Because the computing needs a long time. What we real did is run this python code at the background
  - To run this code, change the PYSPARK_PYTHON to /opt/anaconda3/bin/python in .bashrc


## input data
- These 5 input files will be downloaded by gdown when run the jupyter notebook. If for any reason the download was fail, the files can be downloaded from
 - fdownload = {
"large.clique" : "https://drive.google.com/file/d/1BKjc9we7qCoJ5lFAoY5DCYXxbZIrNG4A/view?usp=sharing", "middle.clique" : "https://drive.google.com/file/d/1i24rvEufCwibeDh9RzqUEigZHxSv4KcG/view?usp=sharing", "small.clique" : "https://drive.google.com/file/d/1phbG6V8Mx2Dk30rfAL2gI0xYCZIYhlHc/view?usp=sharing", "C14.280.edgelist": "https://drive.google.com/file/d/1p7wPv4CxtGJ9y8GQ7kXsNpM89xxwbpPE/view?usp=sharing", "C14-280-cliques.clique": "https://drive.google.com/file/d/1OZTfCtZpvNXvQjEpWjZjNhCm01eqbBSd/view?usp=sharing"}

- C14.280.edgelist: the original graph

- C14-280-cliques.clique: the maximal cliques of the graph C14.280.edgelist

- small.clique: The cliques that vertex number less than 100 in C14-280-cliques.clique

- middle.clique: The cliques in C14-280-cliques.clique that have sizes between 100 and 250

- large.clique: The cliques that vertex number larger than 250 in C14-280-cliques.clique


## output
- time: some output of our code.
  - For instance, large800-10.time file includes the time statistical result of a test on large clique set. The test include 10 samples, each sample have 800 large cliques
